it has been a week of drama and sadly as
you can see Jade will not be dancing
tonight
for shame no she definitely wanted to
but following medical advice it's just
not possible let's remind ourselves how
the drama unfolded we've just finished
our Jess run and I heard a loud sound
right at the very end I went to pick her
up and oh the lead response you go get
yourself better sweetie pie's it was
such a shock to feel all the emotions I
was okay until I realized I'm not gonna
be able to dance
Jade sustained a serious injury I could
feel the tears welling up not like Jade
don't cry but you know when something's
taken from you it makes you realize how
much you've got on how much you want it
Monday we arranged a scan and have a
grade-2 tear of one of the ligaments in
my knee so then for the rest of the week
I've been in and out of physio dr.
Friday and I still didn't know whether I
could dance or not
please welcome Jay Denis is feeling
really really weak so it's still we
don't know I'm so so upset that I'm not
able to dance tonight and right now it
just makes me see what a wonderful time
I've had and how much I've enjoyed it
and definitely how much I'm gonna miss
it a great to tear the ligaments in your
knee and you're not dancing the
competition anymore how are you feeling
sorry
oh my gosh it's very emotional I think
when I see when I see that and just
sitting here is it's really hard for me
so bandaged up underneath your tights
I'm trying to hide it and they're very
sore
it's quite sore great it's fine yeah so
disappointed Ian of course you must be
so disappointed are you from YouTube
grown so close yeah and then Jade's
developed so much as as a as a person as
well as a dancer it's been such a
journey for the two of us and it's been
brilliant and I've loved every minute
watching you we've really enjoyed your
whole journey and seeing you grow as a
dancer and and how much you've grown to
love it I mean will you do as a favor
because all of us desperately wanted to
see you down to the tango I know it's
your favorite dance if you're fit enough
will you come back and dance it was in
the final
so much and with all of us here Italy we
wish you a speedy recovery alright thank
you